[Cortex XDR] Fix Error Message (#28194)
demisto/content: Packs/Core/ReleaseNotes/2_0_1.md

#### Integrations

##### Investigation & Response

> - Fix an issue where an error message did not appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix an issue where the integration failed when searching for a user that did not exist.
```
